# Speed-reader

### __20% Project - Speed Reader__

This was my first commit for the 20% Project in AT Computer Science. For the user to access any of my code, they will have to download webstorm and get my code from Github. However, once this "Speed Reader" is actually made into a wbesite, they will only need an online browser to access and run the program. By the time that I commited this, I had already created 3 html files that I used within my project. For the first HTML file, Speed Reader, this is the where the user will paste their words into the textbox and then proceed to select both a wpm(Words per Minute) and specific preferences to make the optimal reading experience. There is then a link at the bottom of the page that will take the user to the next HTML file, ActualSpeedReader(I have to fixs the names of these files becuase they are quite misleading). This File really acts as a place that prepares the reader to read because they can click the button at anytime to go to the next html file, Num3, that is going to be where they read their own words. The thing that I am struggling with is creating a 3 --> 2 --> 1 count down as soon as the user clicks the start button on the ActualSpeedReader file. So I really have to figure out an alternative solution to this countdown.



This was the Second commit for the 20% Project in AT Computer Science. For the user to access any of my code, they will have to download webstorm and get my code from Github. However, once this "Speed Reader" is actually made into a wbesite, they will only need an online browser to access and run the program. By the time that I commited this, I had already created 4 html files that I used within my project. For the first HTML file, Speed Reader, this is the where the user will paste their words into the textbox and then proceed to select both a wpm(Words per Minute) and specific preferences to make the optimal reading experience. There is then a link at the bottom of the page that will take the user to the next HTML file, ActualSpeedReader(I have to fixs the names of these files becuase they are quite misleading). This File really acts as a place that prepares the reader to read because they can click the button at anytime to go to the next html file, Num3, that is going to be where they read their own words. By using my forth HTML file, Test file, I was able to figure out how to implement this 3 --> 2 --> 1 count down without messing up any of my previous code. However, with the code that I implemented, this sequence would just keep on repeating itself so I have to figure out how to prevent this. 


This was the final commit for the 20% Project in AT Computer Science. For the user to access any of my code, they will have to download webstorm and get my code from Github. However, once this "Speed Reader" is actually made into a wbesite, they will only need an online browser to access and run the program. By the time that I commited this, I had already created 5 html files that I used within my project. For the first HTML file, Speed Reader, this is the where the user will paste their words into the textbox and then proceed to select both a wpm(Words per Minute) and specific preferences to make the optimal reading experience. There is then a link at the bottom of the page that will take the user to the next HTML file, ActualSpeedReader(I have to fixs the names of these files becuase they are quite misleading). This File really acts as a place that prepares the reader to read because they can click the button at anytime to go to the next html file, Num3, that is going to be where they read their own words. By using my forth HTML file, Test file, I was able to figure out how to implement this 3 --> 2 --> 1 count down without messing up any of my previous code. I was also able to make some more progress by making the countdown timer stop by clicking a button, however, I now need to figure out how to make it dissapear. Along with this, I created a fifth HTML file that was anotehr test file but for a different aspect of my code. I decided to focus on transfering the users input that has been stored in an array in the SpeedReader HTML file to the num3 file while testing different ways to complete this in my testfile2. However, I am stil working on this countdown and accessing the arraylist from the user. After figuring out how to complete this sucessfully, I will need to focus on impementing JS code for the options that the user initially selected in the Speedreader file which could serve as a jumping off place for future collaborators.


